# What is Elasticsearch
Elasticsearch is a highly scalable open-source full-text search and analytics engine. It allows you to store, search and analyze big volumes of data quickly and in near real time.

# Some sample use-cases
You run an online web store where you allow your customers to search for products that you sell. In this case, you can use Elasticsearch to store your entire product catalog and inventory and provide search and autocomplete suggestions for them.

You want to collect log or transaction data and you want to analyze and mine this data to look for trends, statistics, summarizations, or anomailies(). In this case, you can use Logstash(part of the Elasticsearch/Logstash/Kibana stack) to collect, aggregate, and parse your data, and then have Logstash feed this data into Elasticsearch. Once the data is in Elasticsearch, you can run searches and aggregations to mine any information that is of interest of you.

You run a price alerting platform which allows price-savvy customers to specify a rule like "I am interested in buying a specific electronic gadget and I want to be notified if the price of gadget falls bellow $X from an vendor within the next month". In this case you can scrape vendor price, push them into Elasticsearch and use its reverse-search(Percolator) capability to match price movements against customer queries and eventually push the alerts out to the customer once matches are found.

You have analytics/bussiness-intelligence needs and want to quickly investigate, analyze, visualize, and ask ad-hoc questiongs on a lot of data(think mollions or billions of records). In this case, you can use Elasticsearch to store your data and then use kibana(part of the Elasticsearch/Logstash/Kibana stack) to build custom dashboards that can visualize aspects of your data that are important to you. Additionally, you can use Elasticsearch aggregations functionality to perform complex bussiness intelligence queries angainst your data.
```
BI - Business Integlligence(商务智能）
用来帮助企业更好地利用数据提高决策质量的技术集合，是从大量的数据中钻取信息与知识的过程，简单讲就是业务，数据，数据价值应用的过程。
```
